This devotion again is so spiritual and important, and for that reason, throughout the teachings,
which even practice meditation or name, we practice such as Zochen, Mahamudaras,
or the Mademakas, or like Shiji or the pacifying techniques.
Or whatever we practice, devotion is the most important.
And often in the teachings say that when you have the devotion, then blessing will enter.
Blessings will enter, that means that moment you get the relaxation.
Realization is the blessings. Some light of the Buddha's blessings and the condition of that
blessings will come through the window of the of our devotion is open, and that's what really,
then merge together, cause and condition work together and bring the enlightenment.
And similarly, for that reason, the great Buddha or common Buddha,
Vaikir said in his teaching, "The salt-born realization will promote your wisdom,
will shine or will drown or shine by the devotions." He said that.
And this is again, all those great masters, realization beings,
repeatedly one after another, mentioned that as like pit and stuck and executive message,
after we kind of went through the inquiries of the investigation, analyze, intellectual, all that,
but when it began to settle and bloom in the lecture in the heart, and that really, we need that.
And then knowledge is already, we develop through the investigation, analyzing all the
contemplation,
and then the realization shines, and then beauty, both externally scholar,
in a completely realization beings, that all come through it. So that is known as that.